this Wednesday four customers of
chedraui shopping center one in
Coatzacoalcos took their houses 99
six of beers of different brands and
they only paid for two packages
amount of 114 pesos this after that
On the sideboard the store made a
error when putting the promotion
however consumers did
that the company will respect them asking
the prophecy his intervention
we know what should proceed do not give are
human errors but the store by that
case yes be responsible for the
advertising that those employees handle
according to the law we have to
come to represent the consumer
defend it right to the consumer and
kindly to the store the same and then
of a while analyzing and consulting your
high level can do in to sell that
kind of promotions that they know are not
real but assume the consequence of
promotion because falling can fall into the
subject of misleading advertising that
they two consumers and turned off and already
they were given theirs the proposal of their
your articles that are asking the
store is responsible and has
selling despite that is not the price
real is a human error because it is
selling to have no consequences
the money that each client was saved in
this purchase was 529 Pesos 5000
benefited were anaka and I crown
andrea samudio pedro antonio sierra and
another one that preferred not to give his name
I arrived with some friends we come to buy
some articles and we went through the cram
of the saint of beers we saw the
promotion themselves saying 2 by 99 and in
the bottom part came what you should
pay that were 5600 and the savings that were
of 5,529 then we saw us are
charging 114 pesos for 99 beers
because when taking out the sovereign account
We decided to pay a raise as they were not
the 99 be kisses same as we carry 2 and
give us what they have in stock or
that have another side all those that
they asserted we went to prophet and
prophet in the years with that it was
evidence in which he serves me fulfilled and
what prophecy always fulfills when the
advice come and ask us to stop their
rights
this is the first case that attends the
prophecy that involves drinks
alcoholic the store said that
will investigate who made the mistake for
that the amount is discounted
in fact we came to that end because my
birthday comes in a week already
we came to see prices we are
Checking then you take advantage of a 5 not so
that we are winning quite well with
that they will buy it for your party
of birthday so it's me end of this
friend, it is that we had already
It had been something of another
promotion but they say it's not that it was a
error but an error do not take it out
multiplying the 99 beers by the
price that you get at the bottom
of the promotion we said then this is not
it's a branch
images of eriván torres reporto parade
and news
viridiana of the rose